Guide for usage, installation an developing

1) 	To install correzioni-olimpiadi you must copy the whole project in a folder which is processed by apache webserver (using php and mysql).
	Then you have to create a user in mysql with username X and pass Y, and insert X,Y in Constants.php as obvious.
	
		CREATE USER 'Olimpiadi'@'localhost' IDENTIFIED BY 'alfabeto';
		GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON CorOli.* TO 'Olimpiadi'@'localhost' WITH GRANT OPTION;

		CREATE USER 'Olimpiadi'@'%' IDENTIFIED BY 'alfabeto';
		GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON CorOli.* TO 'Olimpiadi'@'%' WITH GRANT OPTION;
	
	In constants.php you have also to configure the various url (as described by variable names).
	
	Then execute InitDatabase.php and it will create the whole database and will also Populate it nearly randomly.
	
	Now you should have a properly working system.
	
2)	To use correzioni-problemi open with a browser the url .../Model/Login.php

	The whole administration side has to be done directly on the database.
	
	
Developing

Constants.php : Configuration variables of the system.
Utilities.php : Function used to include files of the project (to use instead of the classic include or require)
sqlUtilities.php : A group of function used to create query, to make query, to open db connection and to manipulate the result. This function are the only way in which php-files should interact with the db.
SessionManager.php : A php file to handle session.
TemplateCreation.php : The file which creates all the html pages shown in the browser. It is based on the function TemplatePage which receive the $Content=View name, and various other optional parameters. This is the MUST in order to create the page for a Model file.

Model folder:
	In this folder there are the php which are called directly by the user. (and so those which appears in the url bar) 
	These files have to parse user input, to check user's permissions and to make db query, to call TemplatePage.
	In order to pass information to the View files you have to use a variable named $v_VARIABLENAME and to declare it global.

View folder:
	It contains the php pages which render the html to send to the user. Those must be nearly pure html, with the minimum needed php.
	js,css, images folder obviously contain what their names say.
	
Modify Folder:
	It contains the files which answers to request of the user to change the database.
